README.md, before:

# Binfo [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/serinth/binfo.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/serinth/binfo)

`Binfo` (Build Info) is a program to display CI/CD build status on the terminal. It is build using Golang and runnable either in Docker, as a Linux ELF binary or can be built from source. It uses [termui](https://github.com/gizak/termui) for the display and is intended to be lightweight even for small devices like Raspberry Pis.

# Screenshot

Refresh interval is configuration in `config/config.json`. When an active build is in progress, the refresh will switch to 2s.

![screenshot of binfo](./screenshot.png)

Push `q` to quit.

# Configuration

For Bamboo, username and password is not necessary if you can reach the endpoints.
Just fill in the short project key and plan key which can be found in the URL when you navigate to your build.

```json
{
  "buildServer":"http://localhost:8085", 
  "projects": [ "PROJECTKEY1-PLANKEY1", "PROJECTKEY2-PLANKEY2" ],
  "refreshIntervalSecs": 60
}
```

If you require a username and password, it can be part of the URL for basic auth e.g.
`https://username:password@mybambooinstance.com`

`Binfo` will automatically get the most recent build status.

# Build From Source

```bash
go build ./...
cd app
./app
```

# Precompiled Packages

For now binaries are available in `/bin` and should be run from that directory.
1. clone this repo `git clone https://github.com/serinth/binfo.git`
2. Update `config/config.json`
2. run linux binary `cd bin && ./binfo_linux64`


## Currently Supported CI/CD software
- [Bamboo](https://developer.atlassian.com/bamboodev/rest-apis)

Commit message:

added more info to plan name to distinguish branches and changed logging to file

README.md, after:

# Binfo [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/serinth/binfo.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/serinth/binfo)

`Binfo` (Build Info) is a program to display CI/CD build status on the terminal. It is build using Golang and runnable either in Docker, as a Linux ELF binary or can be built from source. It uses [termui](https://github.com/gizak/termui) for the display and is intended to be lightweight even for small devices like Raspberry Pis.

# Screenshot

Refresh interval is configuration in `config/config.json`. When an active build is in progress, the refresh will switch to 5s.

![screenshot of binfo](./screenshot.png)

Push `q` to quit.

# Configuration

For Bamboo, username and password is not necessary if you can reach the endpoints.
Just fill in the short project key and plan key which can be found in the URL when you navigate to your build.

```json
{
  "buildServer":"http://localhost:8085", 
  "projects": [ "PROJECTKEY1-PLANKEY1", "PROJECTKEY2-PLANKEY2" ],
  "refreshIntervalSecs": 60
}
```

If you require a username and password, it can be part of the URL for basic auth e.g.
`https://username:password@mybambooinstance.com`

`Binfo` will automatically get the most recent build status.

# Logging
HTTP errors are logged in `binfo_http_log.txt`. Username and Password will not be included in the logs.

# Build From Source

```bash
go build ./...
cd app
./app
```

# Precompiled Packages

For now binaries are available in `/bin` and should be run from that directory.
1. clone this repo `git clone https://github.com/serinth/binfo.git`
2. Update `config/config.json`
2. run linux binary `cd bin && ./binfo_linux64`


## Currently Supported CI/CD software
- [Bamboo](https://developer.atlassian.com/bamboodev/rest-apis)
